Introduce a walkthrough-like Getting Started section (#4)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/sign-up.rst

.. _create-cloud-user-account:

=================
Create an account
=================

This page shows you how to:

* Create your CrateDB Cloud account
* Log in to CrateDB Cloud

> This page shows you how to create and verify your CrateDB Cloud user account.

Reviewer: isn't this repeated ?

.. _sign-up:

=======
Sign up
=======

> This page shows you how to create a CrateDB Cloud user account.

Reviewer 2: expand this narrative. hint at what comes after this, etc, etc

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

.. _create-account:

Create an account
=================

> To create an account, call up the `CrateDB Cloud sign-up page`_ and complete the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create an account, visit the `CrateDB Cloud sign-up page`_.
```

> form.

Reviewer 2: then say complete the form, etc, then say, "when you're done, it should look like this:" or whatever

.. _sign-up:

===================================

> Create a CrateDB Cloud user account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sign up
```

===================================

> This page shows you how to:

Reviewer 2: replace this para and list with a short para that starts off the narrative

* Create a user account

.. rubric:: Table of contents

.. contents::
   :local:

.. _create-account:

Create an account
=================

> Call up the `CrateDB Cloud sign-up page`_ and complete the form.

Reviewer 2: "Visit"

Reviewer 2: delete "and complete the form"

Reviewer 2: use ":" not "."

.. image:: _assets/img/cloud-sign-up-page.png

> Once you've completed the form, select *Sign up*.

Reviewer 2: "Complete the form, then select..."

You'll receive a confirmation email providing your verification code.

Open your email inbox and open the verification email.

.. NOTE::

  If you didn't receive the verification email, select *Resend it* to request a
  new verification email.

Copy your verification code from the email.

> .. image:: _assets/img/confirmation-email-received.png

Reviewer 2: no need to include an email screenshot

> Paste your verification code into the corresponding field on the sign-up page

Reviewer 2: try to condense the email verification instructions. but do include the image that comes after this

and select *Confirm Account* to complete the CrateDB Cloud user account
registration.

.. image:: _assets/img/enter-verification-code.png

Once you've signed up, you're automatically logged into CrateDB Cloud.

Your browser should redirect you to the `CrateDB Cloud Console`_.

> .. NOTE::

Reviewer 2: drop this NOTE

   CrateDB Cloud ships with the Cloud Console, a dedicated web administration
   interface for interacting with CrateDB Cloud.

   To learn what the different Cloud Console views look like and what its
   features can do, check out the `Cloud Console Reference`_.

> .. image:: _assets/img/cloud-console-after-sign-up.png

Reviewer 2: is this the screen you see when you log in?

it's a bit unwelcoming. would be good to explain what's going on here as a lead in to the next subsection

Next steps
==========

> Now that you've signed up to CrateDB Cloud, it's time to install Croud, the

Reviewer 2: expand this. it's not just about installing, it's about logging in with the client tool and setting things up

`dedicated command-line interface (CLI)`_.

> 

Reviewer 2: extra newline please

> .. _crateDB cloud sign-up page: http://bregenz.a1.cratedb.cloudhttps://crate.auth.eu-west-1.amazoncognito.com/signup?redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fbregenz.a1.cratedb.cloud%2Foauth2%2Flogin%2Fcallback&state=d0f5a031-7421-4062-9133-55cb75d17d42&response_type=code&client_id=7gnpivbvackgcmqat9r0m8p4b1

Reviewer 3: Please don't use this link. It is different for every new user. 
Please just link to either eastus2.azure.cratedb.cloud or westeurope.azure.cratedb.cloud. The redirect will happen automatically.

> .. _CrateDB Cloud Console: https://crate.io/docs/cloud/console/en/latest/

Reviewer 2: order link lists alphabetically (case-insensitive)

.. _sign-up:

=======
Sign up
=======

> For starters, we'll show you how to create a CrateDB Cloud user account that

Reviewer 2: "To start with"
